h1. Wakify

Wakify is an easy to use web application that lets you wake your computers from anywhere in the world.

h2. Requirements

Wakify needs to have access to your system Ping command (part of iputils).

Wakify expects that your system ping to respond appropriately to a command such as the following:

@ping example.com -c 3@

Where @-c@ sets the number of packets to send.

h2. Thanks

Thanks to Ryan Bates for his nifty_generators and his excellent Railscasts.

h2. Credits

The WakeOnLan Ruby script found in @app/models/wakeonlan.rb@ was originally written by "K.Kodama":http://www.math.kobe-u.ac.jp/~kodama/tips-WakeOnLAN.html.  I have made significant alterrations to the way it functions and removed some functions that were not necessary for the operation of Wakify.

The icons found in the @public/images/tango/@ directory are part of the "Tango Icon Library":http://tango.freedesktop.org/Tango_Icon_Library and have been released into the public domain.

The "jQuery":http://jquery.com/ JavaScript library is included in the @public/javascripts/@ directory and it is licensed under both the "GPLv2":http://jquery.com/dev/svn/trunk/jquery/GPL-LICENSE.txt and "MIT":http://jquery.com/dev/svn/trunk/jquery/MIT-LICENSE.txt licenses.

The "jQuery validation plug-in" is included in the @public/javascripts/@ directory and it is also dual licensed under both the "GPL":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html and "MIT":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php licenses.

The "IE8.js":http://code.google.com/p/ie7-js/ JavaScript library was created by Dean Edwards, and it aims to make Internet Explorer (pre-IE8) behave more like a standards compliant browser. It is licensed under a "MIT":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php license.

*Chroma Hash* is a jQuery plugin that acts as a visual helper for password entry.  It was created by "Matt Thompson":http://mattt.me and is licensed under the "MIT":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php license. I'm using a fork created by "Joel Moss":http://codaset.com/joelmoss/ that removes the dependency on jQueryUI.

h2. Gems

The following gems are required to run the application:

* net-ping
* RedCloth
* Linguistics

h2. License

Copyright (C) 2009 Matias Korhonen

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see "gnu.org/licenses":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/
